[ Video Game: Gunshots ]
We have to tell him.
I hope he’s okay.
Walt, our elderly
next-door neighbor, died.
He and Luke
were pretty close,
so we have to tell him.
I’m a little nervous
about it.
I think we should
break it to him slowly.
Like how?
Well, first we’d say, "Luke,
your friend Walt has a cold.
You shouldn’t go over there."
Next day, "Bad news.
Walt’s in the hospital,
but he’s still crackin’ jokes
with the nurses."
Next day, "They’re trying
an experimental drug.
Fingers crossed."
Next day,
"His body rebelled.
He’s in a coma."
Next day, he rallies.
Next day, coma.
Next day, eye flutter–
Stop. Just stop. Stop.
Oh. Luke, we have
some bad news for you.
It’s about Walt.
I’m afraid...
he passed away.
Um, it happened yesterday.
He finished writing
an angry letter to
the Postmaster General,
and he just fell asleep.
Okay.
It was very peaceful.
Not the letter. That was
full of threats, but–
It’s okay
to be sad, honey.
You two were
really good friends.
It must be quite a shock
to hear that Walt’s dead.
Um, so do you want to
talk about it, or–
I’m okay. Can I get
back to my video game?
It’s paused.
Oh. Um, sure.
Yeah, buddy.
Come here.
[ Door Closes ]
How weird was that?
I know.
Crazy weird.
It’s like he had
no feelings at all.
I’m more worried about
the one you showed.
What’s with all the smiling?
What are you
talking about?
That grin. "Walt’s dead."
You looked like the Joker.
I didn’t smile.
You did. It’s like
a weird coping mechanism.
You did the same thing when
you told him his hamster died.
I don’t know what you
thought you saw, Phil,
but our child just got
some terrible news and had
absolutely no reaction.
Doesn’t that concern you?
Yeah. He probably just
needs time to process it.
Hmm. Do you think?
Yeah, honey.
[ Sighs ]
Death is a profound thing
to deal with at any age.
We all manage it differently.
Some people lock up
their feelings.
Others reach out for comfort,
finding some way to reaffirm
their connection to life.
Are you joking?
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Haley?
Hey, Gloria.
I was driving by and saw
this outside your door,
so here.
Thank you.
No problem.
Hey. So, since
I’m already here,
my friend was going to have
a pool party tonight,
but he got sick.
Could we have it here?
Mm, good thing that
you saw this paper,
- or if not, you would have
never been able to ask.
- Yeah.
I’m sorry. But Jay and I
are going to Mitch and Cam’s
for dinner tonight.
I’m just thinking
out loud here.
What if I get a chaperone
that my parents approve of?
Would it be okay then?
Well, I guess so.
You know, it would be
good for Manny to have
a little bit of fun.
Do you mind if he stays here
for the party?
Mind? The plan
depended on him.
I don’t suppose you’ve
thought of a chaperone.
Of course not, Mom,
because it’s going to be
a wild party,
and I’m trying
to get away with
something, as usual.
Yes, I’ve thought of
a chaperone– my uncle, who
already said he would do it.
But if that’s going to
be a problem, I should
just call everybody–
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
It’s fine.
And thank you, Uncle Manny.
Can you help a little bit?
If I push down,
does that–
Yeah, that’s helpin’.
That’s helpin’, but–
It’s not helping. It’s stuck.
I can’t believe
I’ve got ’em this stuck.
I built beds my whole life.
Bunk beds, dog beds, cow beds.
I’m calling you
on cow beds.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Oh, that’s my dad!
Oh. Okay, he can help.
He’s built a boat,
a dock, a lake.
Ah, he did not build a lake.
Okay, from now on, just stop
after you say the second thing.
So the cabin door swings open.
Damned if there wasn’t
a lady pilot in there.
Yeah, well,
I hate to admit it,
but it throws me too.
I do prefer a man.
Are we gonna have this
conversation again?
Hey, Merle.
Hey. How are you?
Okay. Let me
grab that for you.
No, no, I got it.
I will take that beer you
were about to offer me though.
Oh, yeah, coming right up.
And you know where everything
is. Go have a seat.
Oh, I missed a call
from my dad.
Oh, let me guess.
Is he calling to cancel?
What’s his excuse this time?
You know, that’s a really
mean thing to assume, Cam.
I really wish you’d give
my dad a break for once.
Oh, please. You know Jay
doesn’t like my dad.
He thinks he’s some bumpkin
from the sticks.
Well, I will have you know that
Merle Stonewall Tucker is one
of the most respected farmers...
in all of Hell’s Hollow,
Missouri.
Okay, you’re not
hearing yourself.
My dad likes him just fine.
Come on.
[ Beeps ]
[ Rings, Beeps ]
Hello.
Hey, Dad, it’s me.
Mitch.
[ Coughs ]
I’m sick.
I gotta cancel tonight.
Yeah. Yeah, at 6:00.
We’re really lookin’
forward to it.
What are you doing?
I said I can’t come.
I don’t know. Let me ask.
My dad wants to know
red or white.
Um, uh, red.
Red.
And I’m sorry.
Okay. Yeah,
Cam says red.
Okay.
Yeah, he-he’s so happy–
Knock it off, old man!
You are not sick.
Why do you always do this?
Okay, look.
Between you and me,
Mervis kind of bugs me.
First of all, it’s Merle.
Mervis isn’t a name.
Mervis is a sound.
And second of all, he’s
my partner’s father, okay?
You’re coming.
Okay, Dad,
why don’t you settle in?
We don’t have any plans
until dinner tonight
with Jay and Gloria.
- I don’t like that guy.
- What? That’s–
You like everybody.
Not Jay.
Guy rubs me the wrong way.
Every time I try to do
somethin’ nice, he makes
this cranky face, like–
Okay. Well, you know what?
I’m gonna chalk this up
to jet lag for you, because
it’s not like you at all, okay?
You have to make an effort.
It’s my partner’s father.
Now, give me the growl
that means okay.
[ Growls ]
Good.
Did you know Walt
had a daughter he was
completely estranged from?
His lawyer said she wouldn’t
even honor his last request to
toss his dog tags in the ocean.
Can you imagine?
Phil, do we really have to
go through this again?
I told you I would do
everything possible...
to make sure that your skeleton
ends up in a science class
at a women’s college.
No, it’s just sad.
That’s half of what will
keep me going in my old age.
Remembering all the good
times with the kids.
Oh.
Teaching Luke
to ride his bike.
Haley at
the father-daughter dance.
Taking Alex for
her first pony ride.
You never took Alex
on a pony ride.
Oh, right,
that was just me.
Mm-hmm.
But Alex and I went, um–
Oh, no, that was Haley.
Mmm.
Huh.
Phil. Look, it’s Luke.
He’s going into Walt’s house.
[ Phil ]
Aw.
He’s saying good-bye.
[ Door Closes ]
He just needed
a little time.
That is so sweet
and so sad. Wow.
He’s so much more sensitive
than I ever thought.
[ Sighs ]
They had a special bond.
I wouldn’t be surprised
if one day he wrote a book
like Tuesdays With Morrie.
[ Door Opens ]
I never read it. Did that
guy steal Morrie’s TV?
Now setting a course
for adventure.
♪ Beep-boop-beep-bop
boop-boop-boop ♪
I’ve had great experiences
with all my kids, but I–
I might have fallen
behind a bit with Alex.
My fault completely.
Adventure? We are
throwing dog tags into
an already polluted ocean...
where they will probably
choke an otter.
Eighty percent my fault.
Honey, we’re bringing closure
to a man’s life.
We’ll hike up to
the scenic overlook–
where apparently Walt
proposed to his wife–
wait for the light to be
just right, say a few words,
share some memories.
It’s kind of poetic.
Kind of Navaho.
Now you’re getting it.
We’ll be sending him off
with a level of dignity that,
if we’re lucky,
some day we’ll experience too.
It’s called–
Huh.
[ Knocks ]
Hey, what have you
got there? Walt’s old TV?
He said that I could take
one thing after he died.
I wish he would
have said two things.
I would have taken that phone
with the big buttons.
I bet you guys had some
really good times watching
this thing, right?
No. I just wanted
a TV in my room.
You know, Luke,
there might be a nicer way
to honor Walt’s memory.
- What do you mean?
- Well, I mean, you guys
liked to garden.
We could, uh– We could
take one of his flowers
and plant it in our yard.
And then every spring, when–
[ Banging ]
Ah, there we go.
[ TV Announcer,
Indistinct ]
Sweetie, how you feeling?
Are you sad?
Angry?
Confused? Frustrated?
You know, you can talk to me.
I know, but I can’t
see through you.
Could you scooch?
No, no.
You know, this is not okay.
It’s going back.
What? He said
I could pick one thing.
This isn’t picking.
It’s looting,
and it’s going back.
Oh! You are so mean.
When Walt used to look through
those binoculars...
and say,
"Your dad’s one lucky man,"
he was wrong.
Hi, Haley.
Hi. Stef, Sam,
this is Manny.
What’s up, dude?
Kitchen’s over there
and pool’s in the back.
So where
are your parents?
They’re not coming.
I was told there’d
be a chaperone.
There is. It’s you.
My parents are totally
fine with it.
Well, exits,
fire extinguisher,
burn kit.
Okay, let’s have some fun.
♪♪ [ Stereo: Rock ]
I believe it was clear
the bedrooms are off-limits.
Young lady, I don’t think you’re
ready up here for what you’re
planning to do up there.
[ Sniffs, Groans ]
Not on my watch.
[ Scoffs ]
Oh, this was a delicious
meal, Mitchell.
I wish my wife could cook
a roast like this.
You got a good ’un
there, Son.
Well, I’m very lucky.
Just like you and Mama:
never had a bad patch.
Except the winter of ’85.
Remember that?
Oh, I spent several nights
in the cow bed then. Hmm.
Oh, here. Let me help you.
No, no, no.
You sit– sit down.
Let’s us guys catch up
here a little bit.
Yeah.
[ Jay ] I’ll tell you why
I don’t like that guy, and I
could never say this to Mitch.
He treats my son like
the wife in the relationship.
Always has.
Before we get to dessert,
I’ve got some presents here.
Oh, you didn’t need to, Dad.
[ Gloria ]
Ay.
Love it.
Oh, Merle,
thank you so much.
Look at this.
Oh, so elegant, huh?
Oh, this is so sweet.
I think I might cry.
Don’t.
Dad, I’ve really
gotta get home–
I know, I know,
you gotta do homework.
You can’t expect me to see a
sign that says "World’s Greatest
Milk Shake, 50 Miles"...
and not drive to it.
Sorry, sweetie.
Machine’s broken.
Huh.
I just wanted a special day
with my daughter, you know?
Like the time we gave
an old man a dramatic
send-off at the beach.
Or-Or the time we drove
a hundred miles for the world’s
greatest milk shake.
Call us when it
happens, Francine.
Oh, could be
before you get home.
I’m a week past
my due date as it is.
What can I do for you?
The time
we delivered a baby.
We were the only ones there,
and she was so close.
The sound of a pin dropping
could induce labor.
Okay.
[ Loud Clap ]
What looks good?
Well, uh–
[ Clears Throat Loudly ]
Bam!
[ Jay ]
Whoa!
[ Merle Chuckles ]
- Kids love to destroy things.
- [ Gloria ] Not Manny.
He’s always been
a little bit too serious.
I would make the buildings,
and he will inspect them,
and if they
weren’t up to code–
ay, ay, ay, the paperwork.
[ Chuckles ] I remember Cam
one time rolled a tractor tire
right through a chicken coop.
He was three at the time.
Huh. Yeah, I remember Mitchell
one time karate chopped
a plate glass window.
Got 17 stitches.
[ Gloria ]
Ay, yes, I love that story.
Which one of
the Charlie’s Angels
he was being again?
It’s not important.
I think it was Farrah.
Yeah, the thing I remember is
when Mitchell told that story,
how he giggled
all the way through it.
I’m sure he wasn’t giggling.
Oh, yeah, he-he was
giggling, all right.
[ High-pitched Giggle ]
No, see, Mitchell
has a booming laugh.
It’s Cameron, actually,
has the high laugh.
You know–
[ High-pitched Laugh ]
No, I believe Mitch has
a higher laugh than–
[ High-pitched Laugh ]
No, it’s–
[ Laughing Continues ]
Listen to them.
- Listen to them.
Best of friends.
- Oh, man.
I’m sorry I doubted Jay.
He’s been lovely.
Oh, well, confession time.
He kind of didn’t want to come.
Oh.
Well, you’re gonna laugh,
because my dad was kind
of hoping he wouldn’t.
Wha–
[ Laughs ]
They just needed to get
to know one another better.
I am so glad that we did this.
Yeah, me too.
Oh.
That’s so funny. What did
your dad not like about my dad?
Oh, well, you know Jay.
He’s a teddy bear,
but sometimes he can kind
of come off as a tough guy.
Yeah, that’s true.
As an actual tough guy, you can
kind of see how that would rub
my dad the wrong way.
Oh, that’s–
I-I could see that.
But, you know,
my dad’s actually
pretty tough himself, so–
Oh, yeah. City tough.
You know, not farm tough.
Uh-huh. You mean, cities,
where there are gangs,
as opposed to farms,
where there are ducks?
[ Grunts ]
Boy, that’s
really jammed
in there.
Yep. Why don’t you
hop on in there, Dad?
- My dad’s got it.
- All right, let’s see here.
Hang on, Merle.
Here.
[ Merle ]
That’s good.
[ Grunting ]
It’s comin’.
- [ Merle ]
We got it. We got it.
- [ Mitchell ] Oh, there you go.
Cam, why don’t you go get us
a couple of cold ones?
We’ll finish
this job up in here.
Sure thing, Dad.
You earned it.
Yeah. Good helpin’ there,
Merle. Okay.
Wow. It’s hot in here.
It’s like 80 degrees.
He did that so
the Meals On Wheels lady
had to take off her sweater.
How do we turn on
the lights in here?
Of course.
So, Luke. Now that we’re here,
you want to take a minute
and say what Walt meant to you?
Nope.
Luke, you are going through
something huge in your life,
and I’m concerned that
you’re not processing it
in a normal, healthy way.
I’m sad.
I’m so very sad.
No, I don’t just want to hear
what you think I want to hear.
I want you to really–
Hi. It’s Kim
with Meals on Wheels.
Oh.
Hi, Luke.
Where’s Walt?
It is like a sauna in here.
How does he stand it?
Walt! I’m waiting for my hug!
I have some sad news
about Walt.
He’s dead.
What?
- He died last night.
- Are you joking?
No.
He had a heart attack.
A man died.
You’re-You’re smiling.
I’m not smiling.
You are, Mom.
It’s kinda creepy.
Hello! Walt?
[ Knocking ]
What’s goin’ on?
Something happen to Walt?
Mm-hmm.
- Well, I’m sure
you can imagine.
- He’s sick?
[ High-pitched
Squeak ]
He’s in the hospital?
- [ Squeaks ]
- Oh, my God. Just tell me.
[ Exhales ]
Okay. He is dead.
- He is?
- Yeah, he’s dead.
What are you doin’
with your mouth?
Nothing.
[ Kim ]
She’s smiling.
She thinks it’s funny.
I don’t.
I don’t think it’s funny.
I’m not–
I’m not leaving this with you.
I’m sorry.
I’m so sorry.
I just found out
my face does this.
Wow, Mom,
that was so wrong.
Well, it’s-it’s called
a coping mechanism, Luke.
Some people
repress their feelings,
and some people just smile.
It– It doesn’t matter.
Just put the TV in the den.
Let’s get out of here.
It doesn’t go in the den.
[ Grunts ]
It goes right here.
I can see it from my room.
Sometimes I’d wake up
in the middle of the night
and look down here.
If the TV was on,
I knew he was up.
I don’t know.
I guess I’m gonna miss that.
Yeah, that’s–
Yeah.
Oh.
[ Sighs ]
[ Francine ]
Is that any better?
Yeah.
It still feels just,
you know, a little wobbly.
Oh! Oh, my God.
Okay, no, no, no.
That’s-That’s fine.
Thank you. Thank you.
Ohh!
Okay. It’s go time.
[ Bell Jingles ]
Oh. Hey, Doc.
Huh.
That’s okay.
It’s just a cramp.
Can I get you guys
anything else?
Please, no. He’s already made
me eat the world’s greatest
everything on the menu.
[ Sighs ]
Dad, why are you
acting like this?
Is this about Walt dying?
No. It’s about what he didn’t
do when he was alive–
have a special bond
with his daughter.
I don’t want to be
that kind of dad.
I want to be Eugene Cernan.
Who’s Eugene Cernan?
Apollo 17 astronaut.
Last man on the moon.
Coolest dad of all time.
When he was leaving the moon,
he reached down and wrote
his daughter’s initials
into the lunar surface.
Since there’s
no atmosphere–
They’ll be there forever.
Wow. So every time she looks
in the sky, she knows there’s
a message just for her.
Exactly. That’s why dads
everywhere hate Eugene Cernan.
Oh, no.
Okay, hate’s a strong word.
It’s just I’m trying to make–
- [ Vomits ]
- Oh. Oh, boy.
Honey. Okay.
I really want to help,
but you know when someone yawns,
it makes you yawn?
You’re not gonna yawn,
are you?
I already yawned
a little in my mouth.
[ Vomiting Continues ]
Jay, I want to thank you
for helping me do this.
I know Cam appreciates not
having to do it all on his own.
[ Sighs ]
What?
What’s that face?
You really want to know?
Sure.
Sometimes I think you
treat my son like the woman
in their relationship.
- What?
- Like those watches.
Cam’s was all big and manly.
The other one looked like
something Grace Kelly
would wear.
Well, that’s just because Mitch
has a more slender wrist
than Cam does. That’s all.
It’s skinny, not slender.
And you’re honestly tellin’ me
you don’t cast Mitch
in the more ladylike role?
Are you sayin’ Cam is
the wife in this deal?
I don’t think about it that way.
It’s not like it was in our day.
Husband went out to work.
Wife stayed home with the kids.
That sounds like
a clever way of saying yes.
Fine.
They’re both equal.
Neither one is the wife.
[ Sighs ] Yeah, yeah.
I know that in my head.
It’s just that it makes me
feel a tiny bit better...
to think that the person
he’s spending his life with
is a tiny bit of a woman.
I get it.
Every time I start to feel
comfortable with this thing,
some new part comes up
I gotta wrap my head around.
Yeah. I guess
we got no choice.
Yep.
We got two sons,
and they’re gay for each other.
Hmm.
I’ll take it slow
on the way home.
Don’t worry.
Canceling course
for adventure.
♪ Beep-boop-beep-bap-boop ♪
You know what
I’ll never forget?
The time my dad spent
an entire day trying to create
a special memory for me.
Or when a pregnant lady
slipped in my vomit.
Hang on.
I want to do one thing
before we go.
Hey.
You on your way home?
Just about.
How’s everything there?
[ TV: Indistinct ]
Actually, it’s pretty great.
I can’t wait to see you.
Me too.
Okay.
Let’s hit it.
I don’t know.
Feel like maybe
we should get some food
on the way home.
Don’t.
Maybe a nice tuna melt.
[ Chuckles ]
Stop it.
♪♪ [ Stereo: Dance ]
[ Door Closes ]
I did what I could, Mom.
It was a nightmare.
I can’t tell you how many times
I turned off the bathroom light.
Haley!
Oh, crap. Listen, Gloria.
Okay. Everything I told you
technically was not–
You lied to me
so that you could have
a party without supervision!
Oh, I had plenty
of supervision.
He was running around all night
with his coasters and vacuum...
and his "make good choices"
speech.
Good. Somebody needed
to be responsible.
Thank you.
Not you. You take rules
too seriously.
- I’m in trouble?
- You are 13.
You’re not supposed to be
vacuuming the party.
You’re supposed to be
enjoying the party.
Exactly.
A party that you
shouldn’t have been having!
Seems like you’re
sending mixed signals here.
Yeah. Maybe I should get
my friends and leave–
No, you’re in trouble,
little young lady.
You’re having this party.
What? They’ve been using
glassware by the pool,
putting feet on the furniture
and begging girls to kiss
each other.
Yes. All the things that
you should have been doing!
Yeah, all those things
are fine. Go.
Have fun and go crazy!
But he’s gonna
ruin my party.
Two birds with one bullet.